manual: methods: new section on avoiding ambiguity: "playing nicely" (#58005)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/methods.md

  ```
* Furthermore, generalizing the previous bullet point, assuming there are types `A` and `B` such that:
  * `A` is a strict subtype of `B`: `(A <: B) && !(B <: A)`
  * `B` is available for subtyping by types with an unrelated (package) owner

  ... do not define a method of this function such that one of the arguments is constrained to `A` while the other argument is constrained to `B`. For example, this is not valid:
  ```julia
  struct A <: Number end
  Base.:(==)(::A, ::Number) = ...  # do not do add such a method to a function like `==`
  ```

The reason that defining such a method is a bad idea is the fact that another package doing likewise (but with order of `A` and `B` swapped) will lead to method ambiguity in dispatch.

Furthermore, not following this advice will also lead to method ambiguity with respect to a *polite* package, that does nothing of the sort. For example:
* in one (ill-mannered) package:
  ```julia
  struct X <: Integer end
  function Base.:(==)(::X, ::Real) end  # offending method (the method body is not relevant here)
  ```
* in another (polite) package:
  ```julia
  struct Y <: AbstractFloat end

>   function Base.:(==)(::Integer, ::Y) end

Reviewer: Ah, it is "polite" because `Y` is not a subtype of `Integer`?  perhaps this could be made explicit via a comment:
```suggestion
  function Base.:(==)(::Integer, ::Y) end  # this is fine as Y is not a subtype of Integer
```

  ```

> * then a call like `==(X(), Y())` is ambiguous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* then a call like `==(X(), Y())` is ambiguous.
```

`myfilter` interface: a user who wants to control the padding
explicitly can call the `NoPad` variant directly.

### [Play nicely with other packages in the ecosystem](@id man-method-design-ambiguities-other-packages)

Suppose:
* there is a generic function, say `f`
* `f` is intended to have methods added to it from packages with unrelated ownership
* a newly defined method may take more than argument
* the argument types of the method may be heterogeneous, such that one argument type comes from a different package than another, and these packages have unrelated ownership

> Some examples of such functions that the below advice applies to:

Author: ```suggestion
Some examples of such functions that this advice applies to:
```
